doc: Asset Tracker v2: adding modules wrapper page (#13309)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker_v2/doc/modules.rst

.. _asset_tracker_v2_modules:

Application modules
###################

The Asset Tracker v2 application uses a set of modules.

> See :ref:`asset_tracker_v2_internal_modules` for more information.

Reviewer: The tag for the architecture page should probably be renamed to `asset_tracker_v2_architecture`, especially since we now have another one called `asset_tracker_v2_modules`. I don't think it is linked elsewhere, and the current name is not precise.

The linking sentence could maybe be clarified a bit, like:
```suggestion
See :ref:`asset_tracker_v2_architecture` for more information on how the application is structured.
```

See the subpages for detailed documentation on the modules:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Subpages:

   app_module
   data_module
   cloud_module
   cloud_wrapper
   debug_module
   location_module
   modem_module
   sensor_module
   ui_module
   util_module
   modules_common

>    unit_test

Author: Good point. Let me see what to do about it.
